Miscellaneous CI, dependency, and version fixes (#1151)
pytorch/torchtune: README.md

## Installation

> **Step 1:** [Install PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/). torchtune is tested with the latest stable PyTorch release as well as the preview nightly version. For multimodality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 1:** [Install PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/). torchtune is tested with the latest stable PyTorch release as well as the preview nightly version. For fine-tuning the multimodal LLMs available in the repo, you'll need to install torchvision as well
```

be sure to also install torchvision.

```
# Install stable version of PyTorch using pip

> pip3 install torch torchvision

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need to explicitly say `pip3` anymore
